1,,Technology Software Engineer,,Innovation is at the heart of everything we do. Every day, our technologists enable our customers around the globe to achieve their goals. They design and deliver American Express infrastructure and applications across all markets and business units. To meet these demands, were looking for problem solvers who can drive results through precise analysis and programming methodologies, individuals with a strong intellectual curiosity and a passion for innovation, and team players who can convert their ideas into execution.,,Ft. Lauderdale, FL,,Passion for coding. Ability to identify opportunities to adopt innovative technologies. Hunger to learn new technologies and translate them into working software. Ability to effectively communicate with internal and external business partners. Creative and digital mind-set.,, Must earn Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other technical discipline by June 2020,,Both Undergraduate and Graduate,,Full-time,,04/05/2020
2,,Global Technology Summer Analyst,,Global Technology & Operations (GT&O) provides end-to-end technology and fulfillment to individual consumers, small businesses, middle-market businesses and large corporations. Globally, GT&O manages the critical systems and multiple platforms needed to maintain the enterprise’s market-leading positions in key segments, including deposits, payment products, consumer lending, wealth management, small business and middle-market lending, treasury services, investment banking, and sales and trading.,,Charlotte, NC,,Candidates are required to be pursuing a BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university with a graduation timeframe between December 2020 and June 2021,,Pursuing BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or similar degree of relevance,3.2 minimum GPA preferred. Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Detail orientated and teamwork orientation. Demonstrated problem solving abilities. Leadership skills. Commitment to building a complete technical and business skill set,,Undergraduate,,Internship,,02/26/2020
2,,Consultant,,Global Technology & Operations (GT&O) provides end-to-end technology and fulfillment to individual consumers, small businesses, middle-market businesses and large corporations. Globally, GT&O manages the critical systems and multiple platforms needed to maintain the enterprise’s market-leading positions in key segments, including deposits, payment products, consumer lending, wealth management, small business and middle-market lending, treasury services, investment banking, and sales and trading.,,Charlotte, NC,,Candidates are required to be pursuing a BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university with a graduation timeframe between December 2020 and June 2021,,Pursuing BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or similar degree of relevance,3.2 minimum GPA preferred. Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Detail orientated and teamwork orientation. Demonstrated problem solving abilities. Leadership skills. Commitment to building a complete technical and business skill set,,Undergraduate,,Full-time,,04/26/2020
2,,Technology Software Engineer,,Global Technology & Operations (GT&O) provides end-to-end technology and fulfillment to individual consumers, small businesses, middle-market businesses and large corporations. Globally, GT&O manages the critical systems and multiple platforms needed to maintain the enterprise’s market-leading positions in key segments, including deposits, payment products, consumer lending, wealth management, small business and middle-market lending, treasury services, investment banking, and sales and trading.,,Charlotte, NC,,Candidates are required to be pursuing a BA/BS degree from an accredited college or university with a graduation timeframe between December 2020 and June 2021,,Pursuing BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Systems or similar degree of relevance,3.2 minimum GPA preferred. Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment. Detail orientated and teamwork orientation. Demonstrated problem solving abilities. Leadership skills. Commitment to building a complete technical and business skill set,,Undergraduate,,Full-time,,01/26/2020